# Zomato-restaurant-clustering
In today’s digitized modern world, popularity of food apps is increasing due to its functionality to view, book and order for food by a few clicks on the phone for their favorite restaurant or cafes, by surveying the user ratings and reviews of the previously visited customers.Food app like Zomato provides a secular part where user can rate their experience of the visited restaurant or café. Zomato also provides columns for writing classified user reviews. Sharing on the internet is something we usually do. Giving a review is also a useful activity so that other people on the internet can find out something else and see opinions about things. The usual things reviewed by someone in the form of experiences, places, objects, and others. Give a review we usually use text to explain something that we experience with an item, place, or event that we normally experience. Zomato is a site where someone can give a review of a restaurant, how the restaurant is and someone's opinion about the restaurant. Restaurant customer satisfaction can be analyzed by their review on Zomato. Sometimes, restaurants see the reviews in Zomato, but they don't get if the reviews are positive or negative to their restaurants. Reviews on Zomato are still in the form of text and can be classified with positive, negative, or neutral ratings. Zomato doesn’t have an analysis of how users interact with the reviews and what words will indicate whether they like it or not. We need to extract the words in review and analyze it so we can know how users interact in Zomato and get customers' satisfaction by their review. In this paper, we propose a method to analyze user’s sentiment of Zomato Restaurants. We are using Random Forest Classifier to classify the sentiments of users based on their review. We also find words that affect the classifier model. Also, we focus on mining customer reviews, authenticating them and classifying them into positive and negative reviews.
